Changelogs v1.2.0 (#49)
meilisearch/engine-team: meilisearch-release-changelog/v1.2.0.md

📖 Meilisearch's official documentation will be ready for the official v1.2.0 release. Meanwhile, work-in-progress documentation is available [here]().

# New features and improvements 🔥

## Delete documents using filtering

TBD

Done by @dureuill and @irevoire in #3550.

## New filter operators: `IS EMPTY` and `IS NULL`

During the search, you can use [filtering](https://www.meilisearch.com/docs/reference/api/search#filter) and retrieve documents containing `null` or empty fields.

For example with the following set of documents:

```json
[{
    "id": 0,
    "color": []
},
{
    "id": 1,
    "color": null
},
{
    "id": 2,
    "color": ""
},
{
    "id": 3,
    "color": {}
},
{
    "id": 4
}]
```

The filter `color IS EMPTY` selects the document ids `0`, `2` and `3` while the filter `color IS NOT EMPTY` or `NOT color IS EMPTY` selects the document ids `1` and `4`.

The filter `color IS NULL` selects the document ids `1` while the filter `color IS NOT NULL` or `NOT color IS NULL` selects the document ids `0`, `2`, `3` and `4`.

Done by @Kerollmops in #3571.

## Improve relevancy and search performance

> TBD

Author: Search refactoring change should be done here @loiclec @dureuill 
For your information @Kerollmops and @gmourier

# v1.2.0 release changelogs

<!-- The following line should NOT be put in the official release changelogs -->
⚠️ Since this is a release candidate (RC), we do NOT recommend using it in a production environment. Is something not working as expected? We welcome [bug reports](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/issues/new/choose) and [feedback about new features](https://github.com/meilisearch/product/discussions).

> Meilisearch v1.2 introduces new filter operators `IS NULL` and `IS EMPTY`, a new /document/delete` route to delete documents with filters, and significant relevancy and performance updates.

Author: ```suggestion
Meilisearch v1.2 introduces new filter operators `IS NULL` and `IS EMPTY`, a new `/document/delete` route to delete documents with filters, and significant relevancy and performance updates.
```

> Meilisearch v1.2 introduces new filter operators `IS NULL` and `IS EMPTY`, a new `/document/delete` route to delete documents with filters, and significant relevancy and performance updates.

Author: ```suggestion
Meilisearch v1.2 introduces new filter operators `IS NULL` and `IS EMPTY`, a new route to delete documents with filters, and significant relevancy and performance updates.
```

### Performance improvements

- The fastest 75 percent of queries now consistently answer below 50ms on our test setup
- Complexity of search queries has been limited to limit CPU time and RAM consumption. More specifically:
  - A single term is now limited to 150 possible typo matches for queries containing 1 typo, and to 50 possibilities for queries containing 2 typos
  - Both single word or multi word queries consider a maximum of 50 synonyms
  - The total number of words for all synonyms of a single term cannot exceed 100
  - Queries can now contain a maximum of 1000 words. This this change only impacts queries containing very long phrases. Search terms (words not inside a phrase, and individual phrases) remain limited to 10 per query
- Geo search improvements:
  - Increased performance when geosorting small sets of documents
  - Descending sort is now as performant as ascending sort
- Address assorted minor performance issues: https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/issues/3124, https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/issues/3378, https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/issues/2202, https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/issues/3123

### Relevancy improvements

> - The `exactness` ranking rule no longer treats exact matches as synonyms. This boosts  documents containing the query exactly as typed by the user. Solves https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/issues/3410

Author: ```suggestion
- The `exactness` ranking rule no longer treats synonyms as exact matches. This boosts documents containing the query exactly as typed by the user. Solves https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/issues/3410
```

- `Attributes`, `Exactness`, `typo` and `proximity` ranking rules now imply `words` if `words` was not already specified before them. This change was made because the behavior of applying these ranking rules before or without `words` was unintuitive and could hurt relevancy.
- Split words are now also treated as possible digrams. This means the query `whit ehorse` may match documents containing `white horse`, which improves the relevancy of typo tolerance
- ngrams and split words are now disadvantaged in comparison to the exact word in the `typo` ranking rule.
- The "iterative" version of ranking rules are now removed (https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/issues/3356). The iterative version of algorithms would be applied depending on internal factors and would sometimes differ greatly in relevancy from the base ranking rule, leading to inconsistent relevancy.

> - Exactness will no longer prioritize documents containing exact words which have already been parsed and removed by the `words` ranking rule. For example, when using the query `Batman: the dark knight rises` with the default term matching strategy (`last`), documents with a title starting with `Batman: the dark knight` will be returned before documents containing additional terms like `Batman: the dark knight crashes`

Reviewer: I don't mind if the last point is omitted from the changelog :)

## Automated task deletion

Maximum number of tasks the task queue can hold now limited to 1M. Fixes issues with enqueuing new tasks when the database is full.

Once the task queue reaches this limit, Meilisearch will try to delete the oldest 100k tasks. If not all 100k tasks can be deleted due to some of them being unfinished, we will delete as many tasks as possible.

You’ll still be able to register new tasks even after reaching this limit. The engine will only stop you from adding new tasks once the hard limit of 10GiB of tasks is reached (that’s between 5M and 15M of tasks depending on your workflow).

> If automated deletion fails to delete anything, Meilisearch will log a warning notifying the user the engine is not working properly and no tasks were enqueued.

Reviewer 2: As noted on a comment on the docs repo, tasks are still enqueued if Meilisearch fails to delete any tasks.

```suggestion
If automated deletion fails to delete anything, Meilisearch will log a warning notifying the user the engine is not working properly, but will still enqueue the task as usual.
```

> Maximum number of tasks the task queue can hold now limited to 1M. Fixes issues with enqueuing new tasks when the database is full.
> 
> Once the task queue reaches this limit, Meilisearch will try to delete the oldest 100k tasks. If not all 100k tasks can be deleted due to some of them being unfinished, we will delete as many tasks as possible.
> 
> You’ll still be able to register new tasks even after reaching this limit. The engine will only stop you from adding new tasks once the hard limit of 10GiB of tasks is reached (that’s between 5M and 15M of tasks depending on your workflow).
> 
> If automated deletion fails to delete anything, Meilisearch will log a warning notifying the user the engine is not working properly and no tasks were enqueued.

Reviewer 2: [As indicated in a comment on the docs repo](https://github.com/meilisearch/documentation/issues/2420#issuecomment-1543770321), tasks are still enqueued if Meilisearch fails to delete any tasks.

```suggestion
Maximum number of tasks the task queue can hold now limited to 1M. Fixes issues with enqueuing new tasks when the database is full.

Once the task queue reaches this limit, Meilisearch will try to delete the oldest 100k tasks. If not all 100k tasks can be deleted due to some of them being unfinished, Meilisearch will delete as many tasks as possible. If there are no unfinished tasks, Meilisearch will not delete anything but still enqueue new tasks as usual.

The engine will stop you from adding new tasks once the hard limit of 10GiB of tasks is reached (that’s between 5M and 15M of tasks depending on your workflow). In this case, Meilisearch will try to automatically delete unfinished tasks. If this is unsuccessful, it will not enqueue new tasks, and log a warning notifying the user the engine is not working properly.
```

Reviewer 2: @irevoire, you might want to double check this section of the changelog just to be sure everything's correct.

Author: You are right, seems ok to me, but I can be confused regarding some parts

  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  --data-binary '{ "limit": 1, "filter": "doggo = bernese" }'
```

As for the previous point, the fields you're filtering on must be set as [filterable](https://www.meilisearch.com/docs/reference/api/settings#update-filterable-attributes).

Done by @dureuill and @irevoire in #3570.

## New filter operators: `IS EMPTY` and `IS NULL`

During the search, you can use [filtering](https://www.meilisearch.com/docs/reference/api/search#filter) and retrieve documents containing `null` or empty fields.

For example with the following set of documents:

```json
[{
    "id": 0,
    "color": []
},
{
    "id": 1,
    "color": null
},
{
    "id": 2,
    "color": ""
},
{
    "id": 3,
    "color": {}
},
{
    "id": 4
}]
```

The filter `color IS EMPTY` selects the document ids `0`, `2` and `3` while the filter `color IS NOT EMPTY` or `NOT color IS EMPTY` selects the document ids `1` and `4`.

The filter `color IS NULL` selects the document ids `1` while the filter `color IS NOT NULL` or `NOT color IS NULL` selects the document ids `0`, `2`, `3` and `4`.

Done by @Kerollmops in #3571.

## Improve relevancy and search performance

> v1.2 brings a massive refactor of the search engine that brings perforance and relevancy improvements. Also, one of the major benefits of this refactoring is the ability to explore and integrate new features related to the search in the future releases. Stay tuned!

Author: @gmourier what do you think?

> v1.2 brings a massive refactor of the search engine that brings perforance and relevancy improvements. Also, one of the major benefits of this refactoring is the ability to explore and integrate new features related to the search in the future releases. Stay tuned!

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
v1.2 brings a massive refactor of the search engine that brings perforance and relevancy improvements. Also, one of the major benefits of this refactoring is the ability to explore and integrate new features related to the search customization in the future releases. Stay tuned!
```

Most of the points linked below can be really technical. If you have any questions or unexpected behaviors on your side, feel free to [reach us](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/discussions).

Done by @loiclec, @dureuill, @ManyTheFish, @Kerollmops and @irevoire in #3542.

### Performance improvements

- The fastest 75 percent of queries now consistently answer below 50ms on our test setup.
- The complexity of a search query is now limited, in order to limit CPU time and RAM consumption. In more details:
  - The number of typo considered for a single term is now limited to 150 for 1 typo, 50 for 2 typos. Similarly, the number of considered (single word or multi word) synonyms is limited to 50, the total number of words for all synonyms of a term is limited to 100.

>   - The number of words considered in a query is now limited to 1000. The number of terms (words not inside a phrase, and individual phrases) was and is still limited to 10, so this change only impacts queries containing very long phrases.

Author: @loiclec @dureuill, what was the previous limitation?

Reviewer 4: None

Author: I'm not sure to understand what it means then

Reviewer 4: This is correct @guimachiavelli 

The meaningful difference is that very long phrases now result in the query being truncated. Even this is a detail unlikely to have much consequence in practice. I'm guessing it should maybe be documented at the same place as where we document the "10 terms" limit?

- Geo search improvements
  - Improved performance when there are only a few documents to geosort.
  - Descending sort is now as performant as ascending sort.
- Solves some performance issues: https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/issues/3124, https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/issues/3378, https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/issues/2202, https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/issues/3123

### Relevancy improvements

> - Synonyms are no longer considered as exact matches by the `exactness` ranking rule. This change is due to the goal of the `exactness` ranking rule of boosting the documents that contain the query exactly as typed by the user. Other ranking rules will still consider synonyms. Solves https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/issues/3410

Author: Is it possible to give an example? How is it impactful?

> - `Attributes`, `Exactness`, `typo` and `proximity` ranking rules now imply `words` if `words` was not already specified before them. This change was made because the behavior of applying these ranking rules before or without `words` was unintuitive and could hurt relevancy.

Author: Really complexe to understand to me, outside of the squad

Reviewer 2: Agree with @curquiza, I'm really struggling to understand this one. Specifically, what do we mean by `imply` here?

Does it mean that, if I set ranking rules to something like:

```json
[
  "typo",
  "proximity",
]
```

Meilisearch will act as if `words` was still there and at the top of the relevancy chain? E.g.:

```js
[
  // "words",  not here explicitly, but still affecting relevancy
  "typo",
  "proximity",
]
```

If my understanding is correct, I suggest we update this line to:

```suggestion
- When using the `attributes`, `exactness`, `typo`, and `proximity` ranking rules, Meilisearch will sort results as if  the`words` ranking rule were present and with higher priority. Search behavior when using the specified ranking rules before or without `words` was confusing and hurt relevancy
```

Reviewer: @guimachiavelli  your understanding is correct

- Split words are now looked for for digrams. This means that the query `whit ehorse` may now match documents containing `white horse`, which improves the relevancy of typo tolerance.

> - ngrams and split words are now disadvantaged in comparison to the exact word in the `typo` ranking rule.

Reviewer 2: Agreed, a very short example here, like what we had for `whit ehorse` would help those who might not be super comfortable with terms like ngrams and split words.

```suggestion
- N-grams and split words are now disadvantaged in comparison to the exact word in the `typo` ranking rule
```

> - ngrams and split words are now disadvantaged in comparison to the exact word in the `typo` ranking rule.

Reviewer: Example:
There are two documents with the title `Sun Flower` and `Sunflower`. If a user searches for `sun flower`, then we will match both documents but prefer `Sun Flower` over `Sunflower` because we consider that `Sunflower` is one typo away from `sun flower` (we have removed a space). The converse is also true if the user searched for `sunflower`. We'll match both `Sun Flower` and `Sunflower` but prefer the latter.

> - ngrams and split words are now disadvantaged in comparison to the exact word in the `typo` ranking rule.

Author: @loiclec, thank for the example, it's indeed more understandable!
Discussed with @dureuill, and he will try to do a shorter version.

> - ngrams and split words are now disadvantaged in comparison to the exact word in the `typo` ranking rule.

Reviewer 2: Yeap, that helped a lot, thanks @loiclec!

@dureill if you're busy with other things, I think I have enough to adjust this on my own

> - The "iterative" version of ranking rules are now removed (https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/issues/3356). The iterative version of algorithms would be applied depending on internal factors and would sometimes differ greatly in relevancy from the base ranking rule, leading to inconsistent relevancy.

Author: Pretty sure the users don't know what is the "iterative" version of the ranking rules. Should we keep it?

Reviewer 2: We may keep it, but should definitely shorten it. I'm making a ocnservative suggestion here, but we could even remove everything after the issue link.

```suggestion
- Removed iterative version of ranking rules (https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/issues/3356). Meilisearch used the iterative version of algorithms depending on internal factors and could lead to inconsistent relevancy ranking
```

Reviewer: No understandable impact from the user's point of view. The behaviour is now just more consistent in terms of both relevancy and latency.

Reviewer 4: Shorter suggestion adapting @loiclec's comment and focusing on user impact:

```suggestion
- Removed iterative version of ranking rules, improving consistency in terms of both relevancy and latency (https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/issues/3356) 
```

Reviewer 2: I think @dureuill's current suggestion is great, actually. Unless we can explain iterative functions in one sentence, I'd say it's out of scope for a changelog.

> - Exactness will not prioritize documents containing exact words which were previously removed by the `words` ranking rule anymore. For example, when using the query `Batman: the dark knight rises` with the default term matching strategy (`last`), documents with a title starting with `Batman: the dark knight` will now be returned before documents that contain additional terms like `Batman: the dark knight crashes`, which improves relevancy. Congratulations if you read so far. Similarly, with the query: `Batman the supercalifragilisticexpialidocious knight rises`. Then the `Last` term matching strategy will reduce the query to `Batman the`. Exactness will then only prioritise documents that contain the exact words `Batman` and `the` but not `supercalifragilisticexpialidocious`, `knight`, or `rises`.

Author: Are the explanation from `Congratulations...` necessary? The first explanation is not complete but maybe enough?

Reviewer 2: Agreed. It might be just me being tired, but the final explanation actually confused me more than it helped me understand this change.

```suggestion
- Exactness will no longer prioritize documents containing exact words which have already been parsed and removed by the `words` ranking rule. For example, when using the query `Batman: the dark knight rises` with the default term matching strategy (`last`), documents with a title starting with `Batman: the dark knight` will be returned before documents containing additional terms like `Batman: the dark knight crashes`
```

⚠️ Since this is a release candidate (RC), we do NOT recommend using it in a production environment. Is something not working as expected? We welcome [bug reports](https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/issues/new/choose) and [feedback about new features](https://github.com/meilisearch/product/discussions).

Meilisearch v1.2.0 improve search relevancy and performance but also introduces new filter operators like `IS NULL` and `IS EMPTY`!

<!-- The following lines should ONLY be put in the official release changelogs -->
🧰 All official Meilisearch integrations (including SDKs, clients, and other tools) are compatible with this Meilisearch release. Integration deployment happens between 4 to 48 hours after a new version becomes available.

Some SDKs might not include all new features—consult the project repository for detailed information. Is a feature you need missing from your chosen SDK? Create an issue letting us know you need it, or, for open-source karma points, open a PR implementing it (we'll love you for that ❤️).

<!-- The following line should NOT be put in the official release changelogs, and the link should be added as soon as possible during the pre-release -->

> 📖 Meilisearch's official documentation will be ready for the official v1.2.0 release. Meanwhile, work-in-progress documentation is available [here]().

Author: Not an issue, I can share the PR, not the preview, like this one: https://github.com/meilisearch/documentation/pull/2193

The new route is located under `/indexes/:uid/documents/delete` and must be called with an HTTP `POST` request. Here is an example of usage using curl:

```bash
curl -X POST http://localhost:7700/indexes/dogs/documents/delete \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  --data-binary '{ "filter": "doggo = golden" }'
```

As always, this returns a sum up of the task:

```json
{
  "taskUid": 242,
  "indexUid": "dogs",
  "status": "enqueued",
  "type": "documentDeletion",
  "enqueuedAt": "2023-05-03T11:01:58.721841Z"
}
```

Which you can then query in the task queue using the [task route](https://www.meilisearch.com/docs/reference/api/tasks#get-one-task).

```json
{
  "uid": 242,
  "indexUid": "dogs",
  "status": "succeeded",
  "type": "documentDeletion",
  "canceledBy": null,
  "details": {
    "providedIds": 0,
    "deletedDocuments": 2,
    "originalFilter": "\"doggo = golden\""
  },
  "error": null,
  "duration": "PT0.005040S",
  "enqueuedAt": "2023-05-03T11:01:58.721841Z",
  "startedAt": "2023-05-03T11:01:58.722442Z",
  "finishedAt": "2023-05-03T11:01:58.727482Z"
}
```

Done by @dureuill and @irevoire in #3550.

> ## Get documents by filter

Author: @macraig should we also set the attributes as `filterableAttributes`?

Author: (I supposed yes, let me know if I'm wrong)

Reviewer 5: That's correct!

> To help you with the document deletion by filters, we also decided to let you get documents by filters. This means the `GET` `/indexes/:uid/documents` route now also supports receiving a filter.

Author: @macraig how can we use it? an example of usage would be perfect.

Reviewer 6: I pushed an example with curl

- Geo search improvements
  - Improved performance when there are only a few documents to geosort.
  - Descending sort is now as performant as ascending sort.
- Solves some performance issues: https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/issues/3124, https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/issues/3378, https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/issues/2202, https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/issues/3123

### Relevancy improvements

- Synonyms are no longer considered as exact matches by the `exactness` ranking rule. This change is due to the goal of the `exactness` ranking rule of boosting the documents that contain the query exactly as typed by the user. Other ranking rules will still consider synonyms. Solves https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/issues/3410
- `Attributes`, `Exactness`, `typo` and `proximity` ranking rules now imply `words` if `words` was not already specified before them. This change was made because the behavior of applying these ranking rules before or without `words` was unintuitive and could hurt relevancy.

> - Split words are now looked for for digrams. This means that the query `whit ehorse` may now match documents containing `white horse`, which improves the relevancy of typo tolerance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Split words are now also treated as possible digrams. This means the query `whit ehorse` may match documents containing `white horse`, which improves the relevancy of typo tolerance
```

- The "iterative" version of ranking rules are now removed (https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/issues/3356). The iterative version of algorithms would be applied depending on internal factors and would sometimes differ greatly in relevancy from the base ranking rule, leading to inconsistent relevancy.
- Exactness will not prioritize documents containing exact words which were previously removed by the `words` ranking rule anymore. For example, when using the query `Batman: the dark knight rises` with the default term matching strategy (`last`), documents with a title starting with `Batman: the dark knight` will now be returned before documents that contain additional terms like `Batman: the dark knight crashes`, which improves relevancy. Congratulations if you read so far. Similarly, with the query: `Batman the supercalifragilisticexpialidocious knight rises`. Then the `Last` term matching strategy will reduce the query to `Batman the`. Exactness will then only prioritise documents that contain the exact words `Batman` and `the` but not `supercalifragilisticexpialidocious`, `knight`, or `rises`.

## Automated task deletion

> Definitely fixes for #3622: Meilisearch does not have any issue anymore enqueuing new tasks when the DB is full. How? Meilisearch now has a limit (1M) to the maximum number of tasks the task queue can hold.
> 
> Once the task queue reaches this limit (1M of tasks are in the task queue, whatever their status is), a task deletion will be scheduled and try to delete the oldest 100k tasks. If the 100k tasks can't be deleted due to some of them being unfinished, we will delete as many tasks as possible.
> If the limit is reached, you’ll still be able to register new tasks. The engine will only stop you from adding new tasks once the hard limit of 10GiB of tasks is reached (that’s between 5M and 15M of tasks depending on your workflow).
> 
> Technically, Meilisearch won't enqueue a task unless it can guarantee it will be processed right away.
> In case of issue, for example if the automated task deletion doesn’t delete anything, it won't enqueue any more tasks and log a warning for the user to know that the engine is not working properly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Maximum number of tasks the task queue can hold now limited to 1M. Fixes issues with enqueuing new tasks when the database is full.

Once the task queue reaches this limit, Meilisearch will try to delete the oldest 100k tasks. If not all 100k tasks can be deleted due to some of them being unfinished, we will delete as many tasks as possible.

You’ll still be able to register new tasks even after reaching this limit. The engine will only stop you from adding new tasks once the hard limit of 10GiB of tasks is reached (that’s between 5M and 15M of tasks depending on your workflow).

If automated deletion fails to delete anything, Meilisearch will log a warning notifying the user the engine is not working properly and no tasks were enqueued.
```

Done by @irevoire in #3693.

## Language support improvements

* Split camelCase in Latin segmenter
* Improve Arabic: normalizer and segmentation

Done by @ManyTheFish, @akeamc, @DrAliRagab, @goodhoko, and @mosuka in #3702 and in [Charabia v0.7.2](https://github.com/meilisearch/charabia/releases/tag/v0.7.2)

## Other improvements

> * Add the support of boolean for CSV documents (#3576) @irevoire

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Add boolean support for CSV documents (#3576) @irevoire
```

> * Improve geo sort errors during sorting and filtering (#3638 and #3631) @cymruu

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Improve geosort errors during sorting and filtering (#3638 and #3631) @cymruu
```

# Fixes 🐞

* Improve the `GET /health` route by ensuring the internal DB is not down (#3647) @irevoire
* Handle single quotation mark (`’`) and apostrophe (`'`) the same way (#3702) @ManyTheFish

# Misc

* Dependencies upgrade
  * Bump the Meilisearch dependencies (#3661) @Kerollmops
  * Security: bump h2 from 0.3.15 to 0.3.17 (#3674)
  * Update clippy toolchain from v1.67 to v1.69 (#3695) @curquiza
  * Bump GitHub actions dependencies: #3554, #3551, #3552, #3553, #3633
* CIs and tests

>   * Add scheduled test to Actions for all features (#3510) @jlucktay

Reviewer 2: Not sure I understand this, ignore suggestion if it's wrong.

```suggestion
  * Add scheduled tests for all features to Actions (#3510) @jlucktay
```

  * Clean CI file names (#3567) @curquiza
  * Enable cache again in test suite CI (#3587) @curquiza
  * Remove CLI changes for clippy (#3464) @dureuill
  * Improve docker cache in CIs (#3566) @inductor

>   * Remove Uffizzi because not used by the team (#3694) @curquiza

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * Remove Uffizzi because the team no longer uses it (#3694) @curquiza
```

>   * Add SDKs test in a CI (#3709) @curquiza

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * Add SDK tests to CI (#3709) @curquiza
```

>   * Use new bors URL of our self hosted bors instance (#3721) @curquiza

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * Use URL of our self-hosted bors instance (#3721) @curquiza
```

  * Improve index-scheduler tests (#3639) @Sufflope
* Documentation

>   * Add a newline after the meilisearch version in the issue template (#3636) @bidoubiwa

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * Add newline after the meilisearch version in the issue template (#3636) @bidoubiwa
```

>   * Add sprint issue to the template issues (#3643) @curquiza

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * Add sprint issue to template issues (#3643) @curquiza
```

  * Update the prototype section in CONTRIBUTING.md (#3649) @curquiza
  * Update README to reference new docs website (#3666, #3710, #3718 and #3720) @guimachiavelli @roy9495 @Kerollmops @curquiza
* Misc

>   * Milli scope: for a settings update, check to see if the primary key actually changes before erroring out (#3608) @GregoryConrad

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * Milli scope: when updating settings, check if primary key actually changes before throwing an error (#3608) @GregoryConrad
```

>   * Remove the unused snapshot files (#3696) @irevoire

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * Remove unused snapshot files (#3696) @irevoire
```

- Exactness will not prioritize documents containing exact words which were previously removed by the `words` ranking rule anymore. For example, when using the query `Batman: the dark knight rises` with the default term matching strategy (`last`), documents with a title starting with `Batman: the dark knight` will now be returned before documents that contain additional terms like `Batman: the dark knight crashes`, which improves relevancy. Congratulations if you read so far. Similarly, with the query: `Batman the supercalifragilisticexpialidocious knight rises`. Then the `Last` term matching strategy will reduce the query to `Batman the`. Exactness will then only prioritise documents that contain the exact words `Batman` and `the` but not `supercalifragilisticexpialidocious`, `knight`, or `rises`.

### Unblocking features

v1.2 brings a massive refactor of the search engine that unblocks the implementation of user-requested features in the future:

- Separating the `attribute` and `position` ranking rules: https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/issues/3222

> - Limiting the search to specific attributes (`words in [title, genres]`): https://github.com/meilisearch/product/discussions/595

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Limiting the search to a specific subset of searchable attributes: https://github.com/meilisearch/product/discussions/595
```

- More term matching strategies: https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/issues/3424
- Setting ranking rule at search time: https://github.com/meilisearch/meilisearch/issues/3425
- Scoring search results: https://github.com/meilisearch/product/discussions/594

Done by @loiclec, @dureuill, @ManyTheFish, @Kerollmops and @irevoire in #3542.

> ## Prevent Meilisearch to stop receiving task by removing tasks automatically

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
## Task auto-deletion
```

> TBD

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
Definite fix for #3622.

We've added a limit (1M) to the maximum number of tasks the task queue can hold.
Once the task queue reaches this limit (1M of tasks are in the task queue, whatever their status is), a task deletion will be scheduled and try to delete the oldest 100k tasks.
If the 100k tasks can't be deleted due to some of them being unfinished, we will delete as many tasks as possible.
If the limit is reached, you’ll still be able to register new tasks. The engine will only stop you from adding new tasks once the hard limit of 10GiB of tasks is reached (that’s between 5M and 15M of tasks depending on your workflow).

Technically, we won't enqueue a task unless we can guarantee it will be processed right away.
If the automated task deletion doesn’t delete anything, we won't enqueue any more tasks and log a warning for the user to know that the engine is not working properly.
```
